update extension tracing guide (#168)
AxonIQ/reference-guide: extensions/tracing.md

There are other supported tracers that can be used: LightStep, Instana, Apache SkyWalking, Datadog, Wavefront by VMware, Elastic APM and many more.

## Configuring the extension

> The extension could be disabled using the property `axon.extension.tracing.enabled` (default=TRUE). This will give you the possibility to turn it off for a certain environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension can be disabled setting the property `axon.extension.tracing.enabled` to `false` (default=`true`). This will give you the possibility to turn it off when needed (e.g.: for a certain environment).
```

> In release 4.4 we introduced a fine-grained configuration of tracing span tags for command, event and query.  You can customize span tags easily, mixing and matching between available tag `messageId`, `aggregateId`, `messageType`, `payloadType`, `messageName` and `payload`. Take into account that some of the tags make sense on a certain span type, but not on another, and some of them have an hidden cost on network (such as payload). Use them wisely!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore there is a more fine-grained configuration option of the tracing span tags on commands, events and queries.  You can customize span tags easily, mixing and matching between available tag `messageId`, `aggregateId`, `messageType`, `payloadType`, `messageName` and `payload`. Take into account that some of the tags make sense on a certain span type, but not on another, and some of them have an hidden cost on network (such as payload). Use them wisely!
```
